## ABOUT

I am currently a student studying Computer Science at the University of Texas at Dallas. I plan on graduating Fall of 2022 and I am looking for internships for the summer. I have no preference on where I am living and am willing to move for work/internships given appropriate accommodations. I have a passion for creating and love technology so software development is the perfect fit for me. More specifically I love video games, and subsequently game development as it's always been a dream of mine to be a game developer. However, I find joy in many aspects of computer science that involve problem-solving and critical thinking. Some of my favorites are software architecture, gameplay programming, backend development, and machine learning. Overall though, I am happy doing anything where I am making a positive impact wherever I am.

### BACKGROUND

I grew up in Houston, where I developed a hard-working mindset and attitude from both of my parents. My diligent mentality became prevalent in high school when I took six AP classes and worked for 20+ hours a week. I ended up finishing high school with enough savings to get through most of college, in addition to being able to graduate from UTD with a bachelor's in CS in two and half years, currently with a 4.0 GPA and only two semesters left. This led me to be more experienced than most of my peers, so in many group situations I usually ended up leading. Almost every game jam or school project I was the leader/project manager, and in high school and college I have held multiple leadership positions. As such, I’ve gained a lot of experience leading and delegating tasks.
